# CS-330

# How do I approach designing software? What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft? What design process did you follow for your project work? How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?

When it comes to designing I learned that keeping things organized is important for readability and debugging. I figure at first that keeping code relating to creating a certain object would be a better way to organize but I learned this only led to more confusion. For example if I was to create a pyramid and cylinder than the vertices, draw features, VBO creation would stay with those respective shapes but I learned that this created too much confusion so instead I keep all vertices arrays together, all VBO creation for different objects together etc. this made it easier to find issue like with stride lengths where one object I messed up on but it took alot longer to catch since I didnt have the other objects stride length to compare to. Learning how to organize code functions made creating this project alot easier once I realized that was part of the issue.

# How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?

I think in this project iteration really helped me realized how continous development is helpful as you write more complete code. Initially when I started to create my scenes there were parts the were functining but not complete for example, I was able to create two object that we could see but one of them was not 3D yet and I never realized until I added a camera feature. In the next iteration once the camera was added turning the scene I saw that the object was still flat. As more functions were added like texturing and lighting, I learned how to comparmentalize my code to be more oranized and that lead to me realizing the original problem when it came to rendering the object. As time went on adding more features I was able to at least create working code that had certain features working and from continously developing it I was able to create fully functioning code.

# How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?

This course taught me how important organization is not only in code but in everyday life. Often time I  mismanaged time expecting an assignment from this course to not take long but unforseen problems led to bigger delays. I learned to continously develop throughout the week to avoid these tight time crunches as I scramble to finish. Computer Science in general taught me that if things are not organized from the start then you are only setting yourself up for failure later. This concept I realized applies to code and my everyday life as a student.
